[SYCL][Fusion] Add HIP support (#11003)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/design/CompilerAndRuntimeDesign.md

suitable IR has to be added as an additional device binary.

Therefore, in case kernel fusion should be performed for the CUDA or HIP backends, the
user needs to specify the additional flag `-fsycl-embed-ir` during compilation,
to add LLVM IR as an additional device binary. When the flag `-fsycl-embed-ir`
is specified, the LLVM IR produced by Clang for the CUDA/HIP backend device
compilation is added to the fat binary file. To this end, the resulting
file-table from `sycl-post-link` is additionally passed to the
`clang-offload-wrapper`, creating a wrapper object with target `llvm_nvptx64`
for the CUDA backend and `llvm_amdgcn` for the HIP backend.

This device binary in LLVM IR format can be retrieved by the SYCL runtime and
used by the kernel fusion JIT compiler. For the CUDA backend, the resulting fused
kernel is compiled to PTX assembly by the kernel fusion JIT compiler at runtime.
For the HIP backend, the resulting fused kernel is compiled to an AMDGCN binary
by the kernel fusion JIT compiler at runtime, however this output requires
finalization by `lld`. Rather than adding another dependancy to the fusion jit,

> a `Requires finalization` property is added the binary. The hip plugin will then

Reviewer: Nit: Spell `HIP` (uppercase) and mention that the "plugin" here is the PI plugin or UR adapter.

> use the Compiler Object Manager library (`comgr`, part of the hip package) in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the AMD Compiler Object Manager library (`comgr`, part of the ROCm package) in order
```
